Update lambda tutorials, rm empty doc file. (#4423)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/guides/e2e-serverless-aws-lambda.md

---
title: E2E Serverless with Lambdas

> description: Index and search using AWS Lambda for an end-to-end usecase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Index and search using AWS Lambda for an end-to-end use case
```
